1. I chose JAVA because I am most proficient with JAVA. Also, I wrote a CSV parser before using JAVA. 
The JAVA.io library is used to handle the input csv file. The JAVA.util library is used to create Hashmap and priority queues.

2. 
Advantage: Creating transaction class can better store the transaction information and it can also be sorted based on the date attribute. 
Using priority queue can help improve time complexity, which takes O(nlogn). The code are easy to read
Disadvantage: extra memory to store the hashmap and priority queue, which take O(n)

3. My favorite project was Intelligent Software for College Students to Help Improve Their Scores of Physical Fitness Tests Efficiently 
based on C++ when I was at Nankai University. At that time, I found that many students could not pass the physical fitness tests, which 
might influence their graduation so I decided to design this program which could help college students calculate their scores for each 
sport item and the total score after weighted calculation and provide a set of algorithms to work out the best and most effective  
promotion scheme after analyzing the data of physical fitness tests. This project is my favorite one because that was the first time  
I have ever worked on a project which solved practical problems. I also received some positive feedback from my friends who used my  
program and eventually passed the tests without paying extra effort. Besides, I learned a lot through this experience. As a beginner  
at that time, I tried to write all codes in one single function and file. During the debugging process, I found it very difficult to  
pinpoint the problem in the long large function. Then I realized that I should add more helper functions and reduce the length of the  
main function to achieve the same goal, increasing the readability and efficiency of the code. Through this project, I understand that  
when facing a complicated question, it’s better to divide this problem into several smaller subproblems which could be easily dealt with 
in separate files.